README.md, before:

**Please read [wiki](https://github.com/tommai78101/homebrew/wiki) to see past progress and more information about this project.**   
**Everything uses open-source libraries to develop applications for Citra 3DS emulator, which is also open-source.**   

# Homebrew

Testing homebrew stuffs.

This project uses Eclipse C/C++ for homebrew application development, and Citra 3DS emulator for homebrew debugging/testing.

### Purpose

To fix lighting issues on the 2 rotating cubes. To understand Picasso language for PICA200 graphics chip. For more information, please read [the (currently inaccurate) manual of Picasso Shader Lanuage for PICA200.](https://github.com/fincs/picasso/blob/master/Manual.md)

### Results

Citra 3DS Qt result:

![](http://i.imgur.com/YZqbMVw.png)

### Known Issue

* Do not run with citra.exe (Non-Qt build), as it does not support hardware rendering nor is it configurable.

![](http://i.imgur.com/fIGscMk.png)

### Building

Since the Makefile is a bit customized, here is a table for specific `make` commands:

|Make commands|Action|Requirements|
|---|---|---|
|make all|Generates 3DSX and SMDH files.|Requires following [this wiki guide](https://github.com/wedr2/Guide/wiki/Setting-up-3DS-Homebrew-development-environment-using-Eclipse-CDT-for-C-and-CPP).|
|make cia|Generates 3DSX, CIA, and SMDH files.|Requires `makerom`|
|make sideload|Generates 3DSX file, then netloads to your Nintendo 3DS device.|Requires Homebrew Launcher v1.1.0|
|make citra|Generates 3DSX file, then launches the application via Citra emulator.|Requires Citra 3DS emulator. Make sure to change filepath in Makefile.|

Commit message:

Added FPS Camera. Fixed dynamic allocation issues.

README.md, after:

**Please read [wiki](https://github.com/tommai78101/homebrew/wiki) to see past progress and more information about this project.**   
**Everything uses open-source libraries to develop applications for Citra 3DS emulator, which is also open-source.**   

# Homebrew

Testing homebrew stuffs.

This project uses Eclipse C/C++ for homebrew application development, and Citra 3DS emulator for homebrew debugging/testing.

### Notes

* Manual of Picasso Shader Lanuage for PICA200.](https://github.com/fincs/picasso/blob/master/Manual.md)

### Purpose

FPS Camera implemented using Euler Angles and simple matrix transformations. Note, Gimbal Lock is avoided due to not caring about Pitch on the X axis.

Also aims to fix dynamic memory leak issues.

### Results

Citra 3DS Qt result:

![](http://i.imgur.com/YZqbMVw.png)

### Known Issue

* Do not run with citra.exe (Non-Qt build), as it does not support hardware rendering nor is it configurable.

![](http://i.imgur.com/fIGscMk.png)

### Building

Since the Makefile is a bit customized, here is a table for specific `make` commands:

|Make commands|Action|Requirements|
|---|---|---|
|make all|Generates 3DSX and SMDH files.|Requires following [this wiki guide](https://github.com/wedr2/Guide/wiki/Setting-up-3DS-Homebrew-development-environment-using-Eclipse-CDT-for-C-and-CPP).|
|make cia|Generates 3DSX, CIA, and SMDH files.|Requires `makerom`|
|make sideload|Generates 3DSX file, then netloads to your Nintendo 3DS device.|Requires Homebrew Launcher v1.1.0|
|make citra|Generates 3DSX file, then launches the application via Citra emulator.|Requires Citra 3DS emulator. Make sure to change filepath in Makefile.|
